# [Usaco2006 Feb]Treats for the Cows - 题目 - Universal Online Judge

## Description: 

FJ has purchased N (1 <= N <= 2000) yummy treats for the cows who get money for giving vast amounts of milk. FJ sells one treat per day and wants to maximize the money he receives over a given period time.  The treats are interesting for many reasons:   * The treats are numbered 1..N and stored sequentially in single     file in a long box that is open at both ends. On any day, FJ     can retrieve one treat from either end of his stash of treats.   * Like fine wines and delicious cheeses, the treats improve with     age and command greater prices.   * The treats are not uniform: some are better and have higher     intrinsic value. Treat i has value v(i) (1 <= v(i) <= 1000).   * Cows pay more for treats that have aged longer: a cow will     pay v(i)*a for a treat of age a.  Given the values v(i) of each of the treats lined up in order of the index i in their box, what is the greatest value FJ can receive for them if he orders their sale optimally?  The first treat is sold on day 1 and has age a=1. Each subsequent day increases the age by 1.

### Input: 

约翰经常给产奶量高的奶牛发特殊津贴，于是很快奶牛们拥有了大笔不知该怎么花的钱．为此，约翰购置了N(1≤N≤2000)份美味的零食来卖给奶牛们．每天约翰售出一份零食．当然约翰希望这些零食全部售出后能得到最大的收益．这些零食有以下这些有趣的特性：

### Output: 



* Line 1: A single integer,

N  * Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains the value of treat v(i)

* Line 1: The maximum revenue FJ can achieve by selling the treats


## Sample Input: 
```
5
1
3
1
5
2

Five treats. On the first day FJ can sell either treat #1 (value 1) or
treat #5 (value 2).


```

## Sample Output: 
```
43

OUTPUT DETAILS:

FJ sells the treats (values 1, 3, 1, 5, 2) in the following order
of indices: 1, 5, 2, 3, 4, making 1x1 + 2x2 + 3x3 + 4x1 + 5x5 = 43.

```
