# [Usaco2005 mar]Yogurt factory 奶酪工厂 - 题目 - Universal Online Judge

## Description: 

The cows have purchased a yogurt factory that makes world-famous Yucky Yogurt. Over the next N (1 <= N <= 10,000) weeks, the price of milk and labor will fluctuate weekly such that it will cost the company C_i (1 <= C_i <= 5,000) cents to produce one unit of yogurt in week i. Yucky's factory, being well-designed, can produce arbitrarily many units of yogurt each week. Yucky Yogurt owns a warehouse that can store unused yogurt at a constant fee of S (1 <= S <= 100) cents per unit of yogurt per week. Fortuitously, yogurt does not spoil. Yucky Yogurt's warehouse is enormous, so it can hold arbitrarily many units of yogurt. Yucky wants to find a way to make weekly deliveries of Y_i (0 <= Y_i <= 10,000) units of yogurt to its clientele (Y_i is the delivery quantity in week i). Help Yucky minimize its costs over the entire N-week period. Yogurt produced in week i, as well as any yogurt already in storage, can be used to meet Yucky's demand for that week. 

### Input: 

* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, N and S. 

### Output: 

* Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains two space-separated integers: C_i and Y_i.



* Line 1: Line 1 contains a single integer: the minimum total cost to satisfy the yogurt schedule. Note that the total might be too large for a 32-bit integer. 


## Sample Input: 
```
4 5
88 200
89 400
97 300
91 500


```

## Sample Output: 
```
126900

第1周生产200单位奶酪并全部交付；第2周生产700单位，交付400单位，有300单位；第3周交
付300单位存货．第4周生产并交付500单位．

```
